[Music]
what's up guys it's another day I hope
you're having a good one we are not hurt
at all
right now we are in Milwaukee with Scott
why not cuz you're making fun of the
people here that's from Texas look at
Milwaukee look at it look at it I'm
trying to look at it but you keep
screaming so cool
[Music]
I am out here in Milwaukee with a ton of
other creators we are here to make one
big video for someone by the name of
Casey nice tat but because of that that
means there's a lot of epic youtubers
here here in a fancy restaurant when you
can see people I don't know I so a lot
of you guys in the very beginning my
first hundred thousand subscribers most
likely came over from a dude named Jason
nice dad
Sarah I'm gonna link to out of your
video and I'll hear you've been doing
fantastic on YouTube for a while for
recently that was insane
hi I'm Elle Mills and I was only allowed
to post this video under one condition
please don't try this at home she is
someone who I think is pushing the
boundaries of YouTube creating content
that's just brilliant that was insane I
thought it was like our mrs. kitchen
page at night Casey was a new video I
was about to scroll past it then I saw
this person a description
Elza Mills is like stuff I mean oh you
did it watch the video home run
dedication like it's like going on and
on I'm like it's so thank you
thank you and I like I did not this a
son is commented holy and then like
now we're here like Samsung kind of edit
alright madam for the first time
yesterday
it was like it's like seeing a movie can
realize and especially he doesn't wear
the glasses in yeah I ordered to keep I
said doesn't know
all right everyone this like friends
this case he doesn't know I got it I was
like I don't know I just nude yeah we
are about to go do something exciting
which I can't really film so I'll update
you later
[Music]
you're now at the airports that was the
quickest trip ever one day one day one
day and our flights delayed
where's my kc shoutout okay sure so we
just recorded for about five or ten
minutes Lincoln bio so yesterday was a
huge event put on by Samsung and Casey
super sick that we get to be involved
but the thing that I took away from it
was just the community is sick
and we got to hang out with so many cool
creators it was crazy because there was
like 15 of us and we all create we're
all into different things yeah but the
fact that we all create videos it was
like such a strong community feel the
entire time we all got along super super
well I'm gonna get super cool how Casey
has been able to bring together just a
lot of dope creators and just so many
good vibes and I'm feeling inspired he
has good taste
yeah yeah but my question is that his
Elle has gotten a shout out for sure
peter has gotten a shout out from Casey
I've gotten a shot Sam who's gotten the
shot yes we're actually working on this
really really big project so the reason
he signed with the Samsung at all is
because he's trying to build his crazy
project to collaborate me yeah the
videos going to be called John Hill as
my goddess this video is actually
sponsored by my friends over at away we
literally travel everywhere with our
away luggage and they have other cool
accessories on their site that you can
check out that make for perfect holiday
gifts the holiday season is upon us
there is a perfect size and color for
everyone and it makes it easy because
there is a lifetime guarantee and a 100
day trial you can choose from 10
different colors and five different
sizes but if you can't choose you can
get that away a gift card both the sizes
of
cases this is actually a smaller and a
bigger one can charge your iPhone up to
five times on one single charge so if
you have anything that's powered by a
USB this can do that these things also
have 360 degree wheels so you can get
through the airport super quick um and
also there's a tsa approved lock at the
top so you know that's how you do it 360
pop-shove-it
ollie same time switch if you guys want
to be as cool as us in airports I'm
actually gonna hook you up with a $20
discount just go to away travel calm
slash Sarah and put any code Sarah at
checkout dab dab
I'm sorry I need to stop dabbing I've
been chewing dad dad dad right you
didn't say dad yeah yes with my away
luggage hey guys we're back in New York
City back in the studio I'm busy
anyway so Milwaukee was super fun I
think as we're talking right now
Casey is below us hammering out the Edit
that's going to be out on Monday but
yeah I've just been like chugging along
filling some videos John what have you
been doing miss a big dog I've been
working all day on some pet it's just
like everyone that works in this
building it seems like whoa we're just
so creative I don't know how you got
there if you guys can tell and we're at
the point of the day where it's just
like ah working
[Music]
anyways I want to do a little New York
adventure maybe show you some Christmas
fives John yeah whatever you do just
don't cut my hut your nose all right
[Music]
okay so it's turned into a snowy day
it's not really snow though it's like oh
let's snow it's just not sticking so it
just feels like really cold rain
I think we have the entire subway train
to ourselves okay guys this is a first
we are completely alone on a subway
train
Cody almost died because he is walking
in the middle of a subway cart what
should we do should we have a dance
party
this is so exciting
and creepy exciting and creepy I'm
concerned
okay so they light a pretty sick tree
here at the New York City Stock Exchange
and it's the 94th year they've done this
annually and oh my gosh guys look oh my
gosh it's it's beautiful are you feeling
are you feeling the Christmas spirit
guys because I am it's snowing we're in
New York City lovin life take you the
take your I took to Twitter and I asked
what five questions do you guys have for
me Nate asked where would you be now if
YouTube didn't exist what would you be
doing I would probably be hating my life
being an electrical engineer because I
majored in electrical engineering and
computer science in school that was kind
of worse so I dropped out and now I make
videos on the internet
so someone asked me what frustrates do
the most about life in NYC the subways
great but I wish I could just like open
up an app scan it get by this nah man
plus where I get off on my stop I don't
have these machines it's always gotta
think ahead
okay so someone asked if you could wave
a magic wand in context of being a
creator what would you make or change I
would change the fact that you have to
sleep I'm not about all of this culture
of like hustle hustle hustle
entrepreneurship don't sleep at all
because it's lame you need to sleep and
be a healthy human but that doesn't mean
that I can't hate sleep I hate it I hate
taking a shower going to the restroom
doing things that seem unproductive but
they're really you know productive so if
I could not sleep that would be my magic
wand slash superpower do we know where
we are what happened to the daily peach
will it ever come back so if you don't
know what the daily peach is that was my
daily podcast it went on for about two
months and I loved it and I enjoyed it
but it was my first experience with
podcasting and I learned a lot and I
also learned that I don't want to do it
on a daily basis and I want it to be
longer than 20 minutes so that leads me
to the next question he asks can you
tell us a plan you have for 28 teen well
yes one of those plans is to bring back
the podcast he'll bring it back in a way
that I'm stoked on it I'm proud of it I
have sick guests because something that
I love to do is interview people I've
done it in a ton of episodes of that
creative life and I'm really stoked to
bring that side of it to these podcasts
I want it to be the way I listen to
podcast hour-long podcast and so that's
what I wanted to be and let me know if
you want it to be also on YouTube do you
like seeing the video side of podcast I
do I think that would be interesting
thank you guys so much for tuning in
this video I'm very cold right now but
make sure to check out the away link in
the description below that but now if
you like this video
dabbe for the snow I'm sorry again why
am i dammit I just I can't stop oh this
is a cool alley look how art this alley
is guys New York is so art
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for
that alley and until next time guys stay
paging okay
[Music]
you